1.2.1 - 08/09/10
		Replaced the short tags in the module output with standard long tags

1.2.0 - 16/03/10
		Added an Image Set parameter to Module Settings
			- Choosing NONE SELECTED works in two ways depending on how
			  the module is used. In Standalone, selecting none shows default
			  icons. When used with component, selecting none will use the 
			  component default.
		Installer now puts images in /media/stalker/icons/default, the same
			folder the component uses.  This way, only one set of images is
			required. 
		Changed the Module Cache Parameters to only have a 'No Caching' option.
			Allowing Caching causes the stylesheet to not get loaded, 
			which was causing layout dramas

1.1.3 - 08/03/10
		Updated template code to display new LinkTitle and ImageAlt fields
		Added a clear DIV after the stalker output
		Updated Image & Stylesheet Joomla calls

1.1.2 - 04/03/10
		Fixed the link to the CSS file for ALL styles to stop border showing up
		Reworked the icons and links to work as CSS list items
		Added new Position field to Module Preferences
		Tidied up the Module Preferences
		Unpublished icons should no longer display.  - Thanks Gruz 

1.1.1 - 08/11/09
		Wrapped the output html in a div & updated style sheet to better 
		handle styles & disable icon borders

1.1.0	Added Stalker Group option (requires com_stalker) - This will allow 
			multiple modules to be added choosing the icons from that group

1.0.2	Border & Name elements removed for strict validation
		Username/Id added to ALT & TITLE parameters

1.0.1	New module parameter added to change the module display (Image, List, Text)

1.0.0	Major changes relating to release of Stalker Component. (Using
			component provides more features such as ordering of icons,
			unlimited links, setting link targets & better image handling):
 
		New preference option to use database for Stalker Links

0.0.93	Fixed W3 Validation errors

0.0.92	Fixed the link to Ning
		Added Width & Height tags for images 
		Added more sizing options
		Changed the way images are handled. ONLY 64px x 64px icons are now provided. 
			The size is still set in module admin, but the image width & height
			tags govern the displayed size.  This doesn't add much to the overhead
			but the icons reduced by the browser seem to look better than icons 
			resized by hand. It also provides more flexibility for icon sizing

0.0.91	Fixed the link to Meetup
		Added Facebook Page link

0.0.9	Added Xing & Linked In Group
		Fixed compatibility with PHP4

0.0.8	Added Vimeo & External Link option
		Updated Tumblr image
		Updated Module Config Screen

0.0.7	Added a stack of new services: Bebo, Blinklist, Blogmarks, Brightkite, Digg,
			Diigo, FeedBurner, Hi5, Hyves, Meetup, Metacafe, MisterWong, Netvibes, 
			Newsvine, Ning, Orkut, Qik, Reader, Reddit, Simpy, StumbleUpon &
			Technorati. 
		Added Facebook Group Option
		Added LastFM Artist Option
		Changed Facebook to use new Username
		Pownce replaced with Vox 
		Updated images.
		MUCH improved coding!

0.0.6	Added Friendster, Photobucket, LinkedIn & Xbox Live.

0.0.5	Added Caching of the module.

0.0.4	Added del.icio.us, Kwippy & Last.fm.  
		Changed the image folder structure around.
		Fixed the Facebook URL.

0.0.3	Added Facebook

0.0.2	Added Flickr, Picasa, YouTube

0.0.1	Initial Release
